- Previously...
- You want me
to screen my patients
for the virus and then
hand them over to you.
- We take a pint or two.
- Because that
worked so well
with the girls upstairs
who ended up dead.
(Women screaming,
bones cracking)
- Who's that?
- (Nurse): That's Kenny.
Poor kid.
He's never been sick, but he's
never been out of that room.
- And this crazy-ass dog
scratched the hell out of me.
- She should stay with us
through her first turn.
- I'm a reanimated corpse
brought back from
the dead by a spell.
- Money we can do.
You start tomorrow.
- (Josh): She's only 15!
What the hell
is wrong with you?
Erin?
She'll come back.
- I'm Liam McLean,
Connor and Brynn's father.
- I killed his daughter!
(Car passing nearby)
(Siren wailing)
- No. That won't do.
Your kind doesn't get
any real nourishment from a rat.
- Where you going,
leech? Hmm?
- You got a name?
- Carlos.
Carlos Boyd.
- Well, Mr. Boyd,
this is sad.
Of all the things you could've
had for a last meal,
you chose a rat.
(Carlos cries, screams)
- This is getting easy.
There's no sport in it anymore.
- It was never
about the sport.
= What?
- Nothing. You look great.
- Josh, stop adding up
maple syrup in your head.
- I'm not.
- I have a job.
=T know. _
- I'm kicking in for groceries.
- How's the job going?
- It's a funeral home, so...
Mourners aren't
that messy,
so the place is easy
to keep clean and... Ah...
Max is a good boss, so...
- Is he cute?
(Giggling)
- So ask him out!
This is your 2nd chance, right?
You gotta take advantage!
- And maybe do it before those
waffles stick to your hips.
- So mean! You're a pig!
- (Laughing): Sorry.
(Door opens and closes)
Hey, Angel-face!
We're watching Sally shove
waffles down her gullet.
You wanna join us?
- No, I'll pass.
Overnight shift is
just killing me.
- You're a creature
of the night!
This shift should be
right up your alley.
- I'm just adjusting.
I'm tired.
- And hungry
Aght?
- Yep. Still hungry.
- How's that going?
- I'm going to bed.
- What, are we not supposed
to talk about that?
- What do we have here?
- Mr. Waite came in complaining
of headaches and nausea.
Further tests revealed
fatigue and mood swings.
It's all in the chart.
- (Weakly):
I--I know you.
- This man is clearly suffering
from malnourishment.
He needs to
eat something.
- He has a specific diet.
He needs blood.
- And most blood
is dirty now,
because of that bug.
- That's an easy fix.
My blood is clean
as a whistle.
Go ahead.
(Grunting)
- You don't know
what you're doing.
- (Nurse): It's OK, Aidan.
You need it.
- It's survival.
OK, that's enough.
Ah, ah, ah!
Listen, buddy!
Stop. Stop!
Stop!
(Sighs)
- Hey, handsome.
- Did you miss us?
- How does a 15-year-old girl
with limited funds just vanish?
- Maybe Erin doesn't
wanna be found.
I know it was sudden,
the way she left,
but we told her
what she was,
we taught her how to
cope with the change.
- And then we chased her away.
- We didn't adopt her. Did we?
- You weren't with
her when she changed.
Maybe it's best that she's
not in the house right now,
with Aidan the way that he is.
I'm sorry, but I feel like
I'm splitting the cable bill
with a ticking time bomb.
- (Sally): Is this
the right cloth-- Aaah!
What is that?
(Sally moaning)
You know, we hear all about
what time and gravity
does to a woman's breasts,
but nobody shines a light
on what it does to
a man's yam bag.
That's a silent suffering.
- (Laughing):
That's profound.
Oh, are you, like,
giving a massage to a dead man?
- It helps with
the rigor mortis.
It's a shame he can't feel this,
I'm pretty good at massage.
- Oh, is that so?
- No you're not.
I used to get light
Swedish once a month.
Your form is
terrible, buddy.
Hey...
You can see me, can't you?
- Oh, oh, man.
I am so sorry.
Here I am showing you old balls
and talking about massage,
I mean, this is work-place
harassment. I'm a harasser!
- Listen, I need help.
- Uh, I think I'm gonna
go back to work.
- OK.
- Hey, hey, wait! Wait!
Thank God I found you.
- Look, mister,
you have to go.
I'm already
in a weird situation,
and I can't be
chatting it up with you.
Please understand.
- You have to help me!
My no-good sons are
fighting over my will,
but I wrote
a 2nd will and...
What's with
the tire iron?
- It's for moments
like these.
I'm sorry. This isn't
the Ghost Whisperer.
- Y-you're not real.
You're not real.
You must just be
on my mind.
With Henry dead, it makes sense
that I would think of you and...
Sally and Nora, they would have
seen you if you were ghosts.
- No, we've been away,
trying to resolve
some stuff,
find our doors.
- Beth had daddy issues and
I had a major self-esteem thing.
- But then we heard
you were back and...
- Priorities change, right?
- Yeah, well, I can get rid
of you. I can exorcise you.
(Laughing)
- (Scoffing):
Kill us twice? No.
You wanna torture yourself for
all the harm you've done.
And we're here to
help you with that.
Every minute...
...of every day.
- (Both): Even in your dreams.
(Knocking at door)
- Hi!
Can I help you?
- (Woman): Is Nora home?
- No.
- OK. Um, can you tell her
Kat stopped by?
I'm a friend of hers.
- You totally look
like a junkie.
- I'm not a junkie.
- I didn't say that you were.
- I'm sorry.
No, I just woke up.
I'm Aidan.
- Oh, um, Nora said
goodish things about you.
- Goodish things...
OK, well, T'll take that.
- That's it.
Turn on the charm.
Invite her in.
- What can I do
for you, Kat?
- Oh. I have a rent
cheque for her.
I'm subletting Nora's place
on the down low.
Um, could you
give this to her?
- And look at that wrist.
Succulent.
- Go ahead.
Have a taste!
- No?
- Um, I'll see that
she gets it. Nice to meet you.
- (Nora): Josh...
- Hi!
- Uh, this is Liam McLean.
Connor and Brynn's father.
- Hello.
- Uh, Liam thought that
maybe you could help him.
- Before he was murdered,
my son wrote out
2 cheques in your name
for the sum of $1,700.
And I was thinking
maybe you could
tell me something
about that.
(Vacuum cleaner whirring)
- Hey!
- Um...
Are you sure you don't
want me to stay?
It can be spooky around here.
- Oh, no.
It doesn't bother me.
- OK. Well, you're hard
as nails. Ha ha!
I like it.
Um, good night.
- Oh, wait!
Hey, hold up.
Um, my friends
Nick and Zoe are coming over
and, uh,
they make me wanna
blow my brains out. Um...
- They sound like
lovely people.
- Well, it's 'cause
they're a couple.
And so I don't wanna
3rd-wheel it.
So...
- Are you asking me
to be the 4th wheel?
(Chuckles)
- Yes! Pretty much.
(Both laugh)
- OK.
- Yeah? Really?
- Yeah, of course.
- Cool.
OK, so 8:007?
- Yeah, yeah. Like, 8:00.
- Oh, and, like, if we could
just keep the talk
of elderly private parts
to a minimum.
- Well, I make no promises.
(Both chuckle)
All right,
See you tonight.
- See ya!
- Bye.
(Whooshing)
(Sighs)
- Hello!
- Good bye!
- Oh, OK, you have
a skillet in your purse?
- Yeah, well, it's cute
and portable and it's iron,
so I'll be seeing you...
- Wait a minute!
(Laughs)
I'm Max's mother!
Just checking up on him.
- I'm so sorry.
Hi. Oh my God.
I'm Sally.
- Why can you see me?
- I'm open.
- I see. And what do
you think about my Max?
- I think we haven't known
each other that long.
- He enjoys you.
Max looks you
up and down
when you're not looking,
like a leg of lamb.
- That's nice.
- I hope this works out
better than
his other failures.
- His failures?
- Sally, go easy on my boy.
And try not to pay too much
attention when he eats.
He's a cautious swallower.
(Whooshing)
- What does that even mean?
- (Josh): The money was
for research.
I was studying
our mutual condition.
- Condition?
What exactly were you
trying to find out?
- How to control it.
Connor wanted to change more
often, I wanted to change less.
- Less?
- Yeah, like,
not at all.
It didn't go anywhere.
- And yet, it would appear
you got what you wanted.
I can tell
you're not like us.
It's no easy thing,
caging your wolf full-time.
There's very few ways
of accomplishing that.
And it sure as hell
doesn't happen in a lab.
- No.
I killed my maker.
- He did it for me.
The guy was gonna kill me,
so he stepped in.
- I respect that.
You made Nora,
and of course, we have to put
our children ahead of all else,
including those who made us.
- Yeah. Except that
Nora's my girlfriend
and not my child,
but sure.
- Well, thank you very much.
- Good luck.
(* R&B playing on stereo )
- So he's taking me on a trip.
- Oh wow!
Unreal.
- We're doing 3 weeks in India--
- What!
- We'll start by chilling
in a hut on the beach in Agonda.
- Wow!
- Then we're
heading inland.
- I'm so jealous
of you guys.
Seriously, I want to stab you.
- Oh, yeah, me too.
(Laughs)
Not like a homicidal
jealousy but, you know,
like, I've always
wanted to go to India.
(Mother laughing)
- He's lucky if
he gets off the couch.
- (Sally): You guys are gonna
have the best time.
- (Mother): India? Really?
With all the crime?
The filth?
Those people are born
and raised in garbage.
- I'm Indian.
- (Mother): Sorry.
- Congratulations.
- See, look, the swallowing.
He gets that from his father.
- Who wants more wine?
- Yeah!
- Me!
- You? Good? Everyone?
(Whooshing)
- (Whispering):
What are you doing here?
- I always go on Max's dates.
It's the first time
anyone's been able to see me.
Are you all in
some sort of cult?
- We are not in a cult!
We are a group of people trying
to have a nice, private evening.
- I can take a hint.
- Can you, though?
(Whooshing)
(Siren wailing outside)
(Clears throat)
(Sighs)
- There he is! The murderer!
(Frankenstein moaning on TV)
(People shouting on TV)
- Hey, Nurse Aidan,
what's up?
- I'm up -- at midnight --
to tell you to turn the TV off.
Your neighbours
are complaining.
- I'll turn it
down in a sec.
- How about off?
- Oh, come on, please!
The Fog is on in 5 minutes.
- The Fog? Oh, OK.
Wait a second, the 1979
or the 2005 version?
- 1979. Please.
- Turn it down.
- Yes! Thank you.
(Sighs)
- You all right?
You look like doodoo.
(Sighs)
Yeah, I skipped dinner.
- You can have some of mine.
(Aidan sniffs)
- What is that, garlic bread?
- Yeah.
(Chuckles)
- No thanks.
I--I don't wanna go through
my shift with bad breath.
- All right,
Suit yourself,
Hey, do you want to
stay with me for a bit?
You can watch some
of this if you want.
It's a good movie. Original.
- Uh...
- (Beth): Why are you kidding
yourself like this?
- Unlike the remake
which was terrible.
- (Beth): You know
why you came here.
(Kenny continues
talking, indistinct)
Check your pocket.
- (Kenny): That sounds like
a song by the Spice Girls...
- Yeah, you put
that there.
The hunger's
taking control
and the longer you wait,
the more the hunger grows,
the more likely
you are to drain him.
- I'd like to
see that.
- I would've felt more
comfortable
watching Precious
on repeat with my parents.
- But, if you start now,
you can drain him
just a little bit at a time.
- (Kenny): So, what do you say?
Pull up a chair.
- No, man, I just got
too much to do.
- Come on!
Do it!
- Including taking
some blood from you!
- Are you serious?
Dude, it's after midnight.
- They want
bacterial cultures.
- Fine.
Don't make me
miss this movie.
- (Zoe): So his mom
is always around?
- Yup.
- That's what you get,
working in a funeral home.
How about those
new ghosts, right?
Like freshmen
at orientation,
all wide-eyed
and slack jawed.
- Yeah. I just disperse them.
- Disperse them?
After all you went
through after you died,
after what people
did for you,
including myself?
- I can't help these people.
- You don't know that.
- But I do.
Any time I've ever
used any power,
it's been a disaster.
People get hurt. People end up
in psych wards or shredded.
I can't keep
devastating people.
Maybe dispersing
them seems harsh, but...
they're better off
without me.
- (Nick): It was
really nice meeting you.
- Bye, you guys!
- Konichiwa, bitches!
- That means hello, but OK.
- (Nick): Yes, it does!
(Chuckles)
- So, uh, do you still wanna
blow your brains out?
- No!
- No?
- You saved me.
Thank you.
- Oh... Oh! Um...
** Takes a long time
to lose it *
* Takes a long time
to lose it **
Uh, good night! Um...
- Yeah, OK. Well,
good night to you.
- Yeah, good night!
(* The Pack A.D.
performing Take * )
** Take my last breath *
* Something you want
* A final chance
* I'll make you want
* Take my last words
* Something you need
* A final spell
(Sniffing)
- I can still smell him.
* And you take,
take everything I love *
(Both grunting)
(Growls)
* And you take
everything I love *
* This is the life,
I suppose **
(Man grunts)
(Birds chirping)
- Rise and shine!
- (Kenny): Mmm, no.
I need more sleep.
- Maybe you shouldn't
stay up all night.
Let me have your arm.
- Oh come on!
What's up with
all the double dipping?
I just gave
a sample last night
for, um, bacterial
cultures or something.
- I don't have that down here.
- How much blood
do you people need?
- Come on, sweetie, let's go.
- Hey...
You wanna play "Guess
what's in this sandwich?"
- Are we playing?
- Oh, we're playing.
- Yeah, OK!
- OK...
Guess what's
in this sandwich.
- Peanut butter...
(Laughs)
And bol--
And olive loaf!
(Laughs)
Is that what it is?
- You're good!
- I'm good at this game.
Where'd you find olive loaf?
- Oh, hey, your friend Kat
dropped this off for you.
- Wait! Kat was here?
- Yup.
- Alone?
- (Sighing): OK. Um...
You're nervous about people
coming over here alone
to find a hungry vampire.
- Actually, you don't seem
to be that hungry anymore.
- I figured something out.
- You figured some-- What?
What'd you figure out?
- It's Kenny.
- The bubble boy?
- I'm desperate!
He wasn't exposed
to the virus
and I don't wanna start
drinking live again
and so he's the only--
It's no different than
taking from blood bags.
- Yeah, except that
this bag has a name and face.
- No one Iin
this room is clean.
This isn't the way
that I wanted to do it...
(Clears throat)
But with the virus, this is
the world I live in now.
And the longer I hold out,
that's when you need to be
worried about people like Kat.
OK? I don't expect you
to understand.
- You're right.
I don't understand.
- Wanna--wanna play "Guess
what's in this sandwich?"
To me.
- You know, the viewing room
is, uh, is really a nice space,
you know,
when people aren't,
well, you know,
- Viewing a dead body in it?
- Yeah. Yeah.
** 1 dreamed that
we had awaken *
* By a clear pool
of still water *
- OK, um...
I've been thinking
about something.
- Is it about how I uh...
I didn't kiss you
last night?
Um, even though
you wanted to?
I was kicking myself
the whole walk home.
I mean, you leaned in
and everything.
(Chuckles)
- I did.
- Can we try this again?
Just go out,
just the two of us.
- Yeah, I'd like that.
* Love weigh you down *
* Love weigh you down
* Let my love weigh you down
- Max, I'm leaning
in here.
- I know.
- What are you doing here?
- Pulling a double.
- What-- No, no, no! Um...
No, I--I want some natural
sunlight for this.
- What's with the camera?
- Uh, you know,
just a new little toy.
I thought I'd document some
more of my caged adventures.
Say hello!
- Hello!
- Um, could you actually
go back over?
The natural sunlight
looked really good.
Perfect! What's wrong?
You don't like sunlight?
- Not when I'm exhausted
and it's directly
in my face, not really.
- Um, could you walk
in front of the mirror?
I wanna try to get a frame-
within-a-frame sort of shot.
- How's this?
- It's good.
Subject has reflection.
- What's that?
- I like the reflection.
It's cool.
- OK, that's a wrap. Ha ha!
I'll catch you later, Kenny.
- Well, you were right,
the viewing room
iS a nice room.
It is a good room.
- We did it in the viewing room.
- Yeah!
- It's just,
like, I mean...
This is, like, unprofessional.
I mean, this is supposed
to be, like, a place of comfort.
- It is a place of comfort.
I'm very comfortable.
My back feels,
like, amazing.
- People are gonna be
in here, like, sobbing
and they're gonna be looking
at their dead loved one
and I'm gonna be standing
right next to them, OK,
but I'm not gonna
be thinking about them
when I hand
them tissues, you know?
I'm gonna be
thinking about...
the couch...
(Laughs)
...naked, naughty Sally.
- When did I become
Naughty Sally?
- I'm not gonna say anything
smart, right now, OK,
so I'm just gonna...
I'm gonna go back to work.
OK?
- No... Just...
- I-I'm sorry.
- Disgusting.
I knew you were selfish,
the way you dealt
with that old man.
But now I find out
you're a slut too.
Just like all the other
sluts he chased around.
- Slow your roll, Linda.
I'm sorry you had
to see that,
but maybe if you didn't
creep around like a weirdo...
- You took his flower!
- His flower?
- I've spent my entire afterlife
protecting that boy
for just the right girl,
and you waltz in here
and throw it at him.
- Excuse me?
I did not throw it at him.
- I'm warning you, Sally.
You stay away from Max.
- You know what, Linda,
maybe next time I see Max,
I will throw it at him.
I'll sling it!
I'll sling it at him!
- Some idiot keeps
tearing down all the fliers.
- It's probably Erin.
- That's good. It means
she's still in town.
- I need to have
a word with you.
As I'm sure you know,
a virus has been
spreading rather rampantly
among the vampires.
- Yeah, we'd heard
something about that.
- Well, we've been
hunting them down,
attempting to fulfill
the will of nature.
Finish them off.
It was all going along rather
smoothly until last night
we encountered a leech that
was neither sick nor hungry.
In fact, he was
incredibly strong.
I did still manage, however,
to track him back to his house.
The one he shares
with the two of you.
- Aidan is a good man.
- He's a vampire,
and his unnatural strength,
in combination with his
predisposition for violence,
makes him a threat
to us all.
He needs to be stopped.
And since he may have
spotted me last night,
I need someone
he doesn't expect.
Somebody close.
- I can't do
what you're asking.
- I'm not asking you to do
anything. I'm asking you.
I see in you what I know
I saw in my children, Nora.
You're connected.
You know.
This is our time.
- You really don't
know me that well.
- Do you think
for a minute
that if the shoe were on the
other foot, he'd hesitate?
- No!
- This is where I'm staying.
You can reach me here.
Let me know
when it's done.
Either you two
take care of him,
or I'll have to
take care of you.
(* Hip hop in earphones,
lyrics indistinct *)
- Max...
I'm leaving.
- Um, OK, well T'll--
I'll go out with you.
- Good lord,
you're dense. Um...
I'm quitting.
- Why?
Is this about before?
- OK, well, first,
this is a funeral home.
I think I can do
better than that.
Also, I wasn't expecting
to be assaulted at work.
- OK, hold on.
Um, what we did...
I know it wasn't professional,
but, like, I'm pretty sure that
we assaulted each other, here.
- I was curious...
and now that curiosity
has been satisfied.
You missed a button.
Learn how to
dress yourself,
- (Nora):
What are we gonna do?
- What do you mean, "what are we
gonna do?" Nothing to do!
It's not like we're...
killing Aidan.
(Sighs)
Right, Nora?
You're not actually entertaining
that notion, are you?
- No, God. I can't
even think right now.
Liam... You don't understand.
You didn't turn with him.
He is a whole other
level of terrifying.
- I know. I know.
- I'm just--
I'm trying to think, OK?
So let's just set our emotions
aside for a second here.
- Set our emotions aside?
So, OK, great, so let's
actually have a conversation
about murdering
my best friend.
- Of course I don't wanna
murder Aidan, OK?
- Well then what
are you saying?
- He made himself clear.
If we do nothing, he'll kill us.
And he will.
I promise you that.
- Killing Aidan
won't stop Liam
from sniffing around us.
- No, I know that.
But it's not like
Aidan is so innocent.
He killed Connor right
in front of us in cold blood.
Have you ever stopped to wonder
how many people he's killed?
It could be
in the thousands.
- That doesn't make this OK!
- No, I know that, Josh!
Nothing makes this OK!
- We can't have this
conversation right now.
- We have to do something.
- I know we have to.
But we're not
gonna do this.
Unreal!
(Woman clearing throat)
- Good morning!
- What are you doing here?
- You don't have to get up.
You're not going to work
today or ever again.
- What are you talking about?
- You quit your job.
- No, I didn't.
- You might not remember.
Sally, I warned you.
You going to see Max?
- Bet your ass!
- And you're gonna
tell him what?
That his mother was inside
you after he was?
That won't sound great.
Not that he wants to hear
anything from you right now.
You were really harsh to him.
(Whooshing)
(Exhales sharply)
(Monster roaring)
- (Aidan):
Um... There we go.
All right.
I think we're good!
- Hey, um...
Check this out!
Do you like it?
My grandma gave it to me.
Some monk supposedly
spent years carving it.
- Nice.
Looks like that monk really
carved the crap out of it.
I'm gonna take
this to the lab.
- Right.
Bottoms up!
- Are you OK?
- OK, I, um... I have to
ask you a question.
It's gonna sound crazy, but
you have to answer honestly, OK?
(Chuckles)
- OK. I'm intrigued.
Let's have it.
(Sighs)
- Are you a--
(Clears throat)
Are you a vampire?
- Um...
No...
What--what are you--
Are you serious?
(Laughing)
I thought that we were gonna
have some sort of talk
about the birds
and the bees.
Well, that was
a close one.
- What are you doing?
- Uh, you are on horror-movie
detention, my friend.
I want nothing but rom-come
on that TV from now on.
Next time you can
accuse me of being Meg Ryan.
- No, no, you can't do that.
I'm not a child.
- Really? 'Cause
you just acted like one.
Vampires?
- Oh--
- Really?
(Laughing)
- Can you believe
she possessed me?
- You do see the karmic
justice in this though.
- Yes, I do, thank you.
I'm newly disgusted
with myself, OK?
But I'm not the only
victim here. What about Max?
How can he ever lead a normal
life with her hanging around?
- The man dresses up dead people
like dolls for a living.
Define normal.
- I need to stop her.
But I just can't get close
to her without being possessed.
It's cute. Very nice.
- It's a soul lock,
designed by the hill
people of Thailand.
It binds the soul to the body
and protects it from ghosts.
- Are you serious?
- I never kid about
spirits or jewellery.
- Where did you find this?
- A souvenir shop in
the Bangkok airport.
Turns out the damn
thing works.
Now go forth!
Deliver the smackdown.
(Car horn honking)
- Is it done?
(Sighs)
- I'm not killing Aidan.
Neither is Nora.
- Well, that's a problem.
- You have family, a pack
to protect. I get that.
When I was first turned,
I didn't have a wolf
there to help me.
There was only Aidan.
He protected me
from the vampires.
And now it's
my turn to help him.
- And do you really think
that gun can stop me
from killing you?
- No.
No, I just wanted to buy
enough time to tell you
to keep Nora out of this.
Aidan's my friend,
my family.
Just like she is.
Leave them alone.
And I've warned Aidan.
He's not a man
I would underestimate.
- You should go.
- What does that mean?
- Go. Now.
(Inhales sharply)
(Car horn honking)
- Here you go!
- Hey, um...
You know, I don't...
I don't meet people.
I don't make many friends.
The ones I do make, they
hang out with me for a while
before getting bored and then
going off to have a life.
I get bored too.
But I don't have
that as an option,
so I guess I just tried to make
a little drama where I could.
- It's OK. Everybody daydreams.
- No, I accused you
of being a vampire.
- Oh, I know.
And I'm gonna forget about that,
and so should you.
- What if I'm going crazy?
- You're not.
You wanna know how I know?
- Please.
(Car engine revving on TV)
- Because I don't watch
TV with crazy people.
They talk too much.
(Both chuckle)
- Hello?
Linda?
- Did you leave
something behind?
- I just have one last mess
to clean up.
- (Chuckling): Oh, you're cute,
I'll give you that.
Here, let me help you
find the exit.
- Soul lock, bitch!
Score one for
the hill people of Thailand.
- What are you doing?
- What does it look like, Linda?
I'm gonna exorcise you.
God our father,
cleanse this place of the
dark remnant that dwells within
and fill it with light and love.
- You can't do this!
You have no right!
- Be gone, spirit.
Leave this world for those
who still live in it.
- I love him.
You can't know!
- Nobody can love your son.
You won't let them!
- I just want Max to be happy.
- But he's not.
He's lonely.
You can't want that for him,
I know you can't.
(Sniffling)
- So he just let you go?
- He was still on edge,
I was holding a gun.
It's not like we hugged
it out or anything.
- I never should've
let you handle this.
- You didn't let me
handle anything.
I know I'm not
special anymore,
like everyone else
in this house,
but I still have to protect
the people that I love.
(Knocking at door)
- I have something for you.
- Oh my God!
- Erin!
- Do you have something
you'd like to say?
- I'm sorry
I took off like that.
- Thank you so much.
- She was in a squat
with some
unsavoury types.
- They're not unsavoury.
- They tried to steal
my car. She's all yours.
- You're just in time.
We're about to eat.
Liam, would you like to join us?
- I have things to do,
but thank you.
That was stupid, coming at me
with a gun like that.
- I didn't know
what else to do.
- It was also very brave.
You have a full family now.
I suggest you take better care
of them than I did of mine.
(Siren wailing in distance)
*k%k Ni
Night *
* This night...
- Hey...
- Thanks for meeting me.
- Well, what do you want
to talk about?
I thought your curiosity
was satisfied.
- Um, I just wanted
to apologize.
That wasn't me yesterday.
- Well, which one were you?
The sweet, beautiful girl
from the grieving room,
or the one
that walked out on me?
- I don't even know
what happened.
I freaked out.
I'm so sorry.
It's been
a really long time
since I've had
a connection like this.
- It's been even
longer for me.
Like, forever longer.
You...
You really hurt me.
(Sighs)
- Do you think there's any
chance we could just start over?
- On one condition.
No more sex in
the funeral home.
- I make no promises.
* This house is dark *
* Nothing moves inside
* It's night *
- Hey!
- Oh, hey!
- What are you up to?
- Oh, I'm sorry,
I was talking to Kenny
and I must've dozed off.
I've been covering shifts.
- You know what
I'm talking about.
The blood you're taking
from this kid.
- I wasn't taking...
Those were for tests.
- Tests? I checked.
None have been
scheduled.
- There's gotta be
some sort of mistake.
- You know what?
I'm filing a report.
Tonight. You can explain
it to administration.
- Hold on! You don't know
anything about any blood.
Everything is fine.
- Get your hands off me!
(Gasps)
(Whimpering)
(Crying)
(Man screaming on TV)
(Sighs)
- Looks like the cats
are out of the bag!
(Giggling)
(* Man singing rockabilly,
lyrics indistinct *)